Rehaul 'how to integrate your library' docs (#1442)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/models-adding-libraries.md

## Implementation

Implementing an integration of a library with the Hub often means providing built-in methods to load models from the Hub and allow users to push new models to the Hub. In this section, we will cover the basics on how to do that using the `huggingface_hub` library. For more in-depth guidance, check out [this guide](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/guides/integrations). 

### Installation

To integrate your library with the Hub, you will need to add `huggingface_hub` library as a dependency:

```bash
pip install huggingface_hub
```

For more details about `huggingface_hub` installation, check out [this guide](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/installation).

<Tip>

In this guide, we will focus on Python libraries. If you've implemented your library in JavaScript, you can use [`@huggingface/hub`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@huggingface/hub) instead. The rest of the logic (i.e. hosting files, code samples, etc.) does not depend on the code language.

```
npm add @huggingface/hub
```

</Tip>

> Once they have successfully installed the `huggingface_hub` library, users will need to authenticate. The easiest way to authenticate is to save the token on the machine. You can do that from the terminal using the `login()` command:

Author: Agree on been consistent here. In the guide I tried to use "you" to refer to the library maintainer and "they" for the end users. But yeah, this section was really inconsistent. Addressed in https://github.com/huggingface/hub-docs/pull/1442/commits/9d484b13020bb738c331aba2a51a62e7fd2efb40.

```
huggingface-cli login
```

The command tells if you are already logged in and prompt you for your token. The token is then validated and saved in your `HF_HOME` directory (defaults to `~/.cache/huggingface/token`). Any script or library interacting with the Hub will use this token when sending requests.

Alternatively, you can programmatically login using `login()` in a notebook or a script:

```py
from huggingface_hub import login
login()
```

Authentication is optional when downloading files from public repos on the Hub.

### Download files from the Hub

> Integrations allows users to download a model from the Hub and instantiate it directly from yours library. This is often made possible by providing a method (usually called `from_pretrained` or `load_from_hf`) that has be specific to your library. To instantiate a model from the Hub, your library has to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Integrations allow users to download a model from the Hub and instantiate it directly from your library. This is often made possible by providing a method (usually called `from_pretrained` or `load_from_hf`) that has to be specific to your library. To instantiate a model from the Hub, your library has to:
```

- download files from the Hub. This is what we will discuss now.
- instantiate the Python model from these files.

> Use the [`hf_hub_download`](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/main/en/package_reference/file_download#huggingface_hub.hf_hub_download) method to download files from a repository on the Hub. Downloaded files are stored in the cache: `~/.cache/huggingface/hub`. Users won't have to re-download the file the next time they use it, which saves a lot of time for large files. Furthermore, if the repository is updated with a new version of the file, `huggingface_hub` will automatically download the latest version and store it in the cache. Users don't have to worry about updating their files manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [`hf_hub_download`](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/main/en/package_reference/file_download#huggingface_hub.hf_hub_download) method to download files from a repository on the Hub. Downloaded files are stored in the cache: `~/.cache/huggingface/hub`. Users won't have to re-download the file the next time they use it, which saves a lot of time for large files. Furthermore, if the repository is updated with a new version of the file, `huggingface_hub` will automatically download the latest version and store it in the cache. Users don't have to worry about updating their files manually.
```

Author: Missing suggestion? :smile:

**Note:** if the library uses one of the default config files (`config.json`, `config.yaml`, `hyperparams.yaml`, and `meta.yaml`, see [here](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/models-download-stats#which-are-the-query-files-for-different-libraries)), there is no need to manually define a download count rule.
- (optional) define `snippets` to let the user know how they can quickly instantiate a model. More details below.

Before opening the PR, make sure that at least one model is referenced on https://huggingface.co/models?other=my-library-name. If not, the model card metadata of the relevant models must be updated with `library_name: my-library-name` (see [example](https://huggingface.co/google/gemma-scope/blob/main/README.md?code=true#L3)). If you are not the owner of the models on the Hub, please open PRs (see [example](https://huggingface.co/MCG-NJU/VFIMamba/discussions/1)).

> Here is a minimal [example](https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface.js/pull/561/files) adding integration for Grok-1.

Reviewer: Should we have an example including a snippet and a simpler download rule?

Reviewer 2: What about this one? https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface.js/pull/885/files - It looks quite clean and has download counts and snippets both.

Reviewer 2: Created a suggestion.

Author: Thanks! The VFI Mamba PR is indeed very nice with a complete PR and still concise. I've merged your suggestiong @Vaibhavs10 + updated the second link (Grok-1 PR was referenced twice). We should be good now!

> Here is a minimal [example](https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface.js/pull/561/files) adding integration for Grok-1.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here is a minimal [example](https://github.com/huggingface/huggingface.js/pull/885/files) adding integration for VFIMamba.
```

```py
>>> from huggingface_hub import upload_folder
>>> upload_folder(
...     folder_path="/home/lysandre/dummy-test",
...     repo_id="lysandre/test-model",
... )
```

For more details about how to upload files, check out the [upload guide](https://huggingface.co/docs/huggingface_hub/en/guides/upload).

## Model cards

Model cards are files that accompany the models and provide handy information. Under the hood, model cards are simple Markdown files with additional metadata. Model cards are essential for discoverability, reproducibility, and sharing! You can find a model card as the README.md file in any model repo. See the [model cards guide](./model-cards) for more details about how to create a good model card.

If your library allows pushing a model to the Hub, it is recommended to generate a minimal model card with prefilled metadata (typically `library_name`, `pipeline_tag` or `tags`) and information on how the model has been trained. This will help having a standardized description for all models built with your library.

## Register your library

> Well done! You should now have a library able to load a model from the Hub and eventually push new models. The next step is to make sure that your models on the Hub are well documented and integrated with the platform. To do so, libraries can be registered on the Hub, which comes with a few benefits for the users:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Well done! You should now have a library able to load a model from the Hub and eventually push new models. The next step is to make sure that your models on the Hub are well-documented and integrated with the platform. To do so, libraries can be registered on the Hub, which comes with a few benefits for the users:
```
